Adds new specifications for 'Events with Email' documentation (#29203)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/guides/email.md

2. From the **Account** menu at the bottom left, select **Organization Settings**.
3. Click the **Events API emails** tab.
4. Choose the format for your messages from the **Format** dropdown (`Plain text` or `JSON`).

> 5. [Optional] Define other attributes (more information in the next section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Optionally, define any of the other attributes listed in this page's [attributes definition section](#attributes-definition).
```

6. Click the **Create Email** button.

The **Events API emails** section displays all the emails available for your applications and who created them.

### Attributes definition
| Name | Description | Example |
|---|---|---|
| Description | A short text for clarifying the email usage | "Used for MyService notifications" |
| Tags | List of tags that to be appended to each event received through the email. If other tags are present in the JSON message, they are all added | `tag1:val1`, `tag2:val2` |

> | Recipients | List of handles to be added in the beginning of the texts for all events created through the email, without `@` prefix. See more: [Notifications](/service_management/events/explorer/notifications). | `my@email.com`, `@slack-acc-ch` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Recipients | List of handles to be added to the beginning of the message for all events created through the email, without `@` prefix. For more information, see [Notification recipients][7]. | `my@email.com`, `slack-acc-ch` |
```

Reviewer: Suggesting a few updates here:
- Changed the link format to be a reference link per the [style guide](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#links). Additionally, it seems like `/monitors/notify/#notification-recipients` might be a more informative reference in this case (the `/service_management/events/explorer/notifications` page also includes a link to this page). What do you think?
- The instructions mention "without `@` prefix", but one of the examples includes the `@` prefix. I've removed it in this suggestion, but let me know if I'm misunderstanding something here.

> | Alert Type | The alert type for events created from the event email. When present, the `alertType` field in a JSON email has priority. | `Info` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Alert Type | The alert type for events created from the event email. When present, the `alertType` field in a JSON email takes precedence over any other `alertType` values. | `Info` |
```

[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com
[5]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#lin
[6]: /integrations/guide/events-from-sns-emails/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[7]: /monitors/notify/#notification-recipients
```

### Usage tracking

> In order to help understand which emails are being used and receiving events, there is a column in the **Events API emails** called `Last Used`. That date reflects the last time an email was processed for each address, or `No data` when there are no records of it being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand which emails are being used and receiving events, check the `Last Used` column in the **Events API Emails** tab in organization settings. This displays the most recent date that an email was processed for each address, or `No data` if there are no records of it being used.
```

Reviewer: In addition to the suggestions here, this section should be moved above the list of reference links from lines `131` - `135`
